Special Week Wins Debut Race
Hmm?
But She Freezes Pathetically…
"But she freezes pathetically…"
How cute.
She looks good!
I'm so embarrassed.
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 3
First Big Win
Special Week
Second win!
Vodka
Pure skill!
Daiwa Scarlet
An easy win!
It's not so bad to try every once in a while.
Gold Ship
Silence Suzuka
Can't make it!
She crushed them.
Eleven horse lengths between
her and second place…
Her speed is the real deal.
Spica
You guys are pretty good.
Yeah!
Vodka and Scarlet, you've both
won a match in the Juniors.
Spe's got two wins.
GolShi and Suzuka both have consecutive wins.
At this rate, we'll catch up to
Hana's Team Rigil pretty soon.
No problem at all.
Your results out on the track aren't
the only thing on display, though.
You mean people care about how cute we are?
Look at this.
You four, other than Shizuka…
Get your concert down!
Your win isn't perfect until you
have your Winning Concert down.
Team Spica
They win their races, but…
A train wreck follows.
We can't help it!
You're our trainer. You do
something about this.
Well, it's true that it's partially my fault.
I focused too much on racing.
So…
Karaoke Special Voucher
Karaoke?
Voucher?
That's right.
We're going to practice
your concerts, starting today.
Karaoke
Love's fireworks…
T-Teio!
Get in the game, and just do it.
Tokai Teio
Teio-san?!
Tomorrow? Not happening.
Let's "step it" right now.
Wow.
So this is the Teio Step
everyone's talking about.
Pretty impressive.
Score
Page
"Love is a Derby"
Tokai Teio-san
You guys are late!
Why are you here, Teio?
I asked her to come.
What?
She'll be teaching you how to sing and dance.
You saw that just now, right?
She's going to teach us?
Yay!
I fell in love with the way
she ran, and tried to scout her,
but she wouldn't devote herself to the team.
She said she'd teach you, though.
The president told me to teach
you how to sing and dance, too.
The President?
Symboli Rudolf
It's an embarrassment to this school
that there are some
who can't perform a Winning Concert.
So she said.
But don't worry.
We're gonna practice
'til you're ready to puke!
What?!
Are you okay?!
Come on. Feel the rhythm.
Okay, fine…
Straight up here.
Like this?
Make sure you perform your steps right.
What are you doing?
Meditating.
Karaoke
Thanks for today.
Don't worry about it.
It's nice that Teio-san taught us,
so we can be sure we won't do anything
embarrassing during our concerts.
If you join us, we'll take good care of you.
Yeah…
Teio has her own plans.
I want an elite like Teio
to grow in her own way.
Anyway, we're ready to win now.
Special Week, become a
Triple Crown Horse Girl!
What?!
You're the only girl that can try to get
a Triple Crown on our team this year.
You want me to be a Triple Crown girl?
You've won two races so far,
so it only makes sense.
What's your goal, again?
Well…
To become the best horse girl in Japan…
Right?
The Satsukishou, Japan Derby,
and the Kikkashou.
Winning these three races
is the fastest way to becoming
the best horse girl in Japan.
A Triple Crown Horse Girl…
Suzuka-san, I…
If you have a chance to
do it, why not go for it?
Go for it?
In order for you to do that,
you need to win the Satsukishou's
preliminary race, the Yayoishou.
R-Right!
You can do it!
Spe-senpai, go for it!
We're rooting for you!
Class C
Wh-Why do you look like that?
I couldn't sleep because I was
worried about my next race.
I've only really gotten lucky
with my wins so far.
Grass Wonder
I've hurt my leg.
You know, if you consider yourself lucky
just to be able to get out there
on the track, you'll feel better.
Yeah!
I'm going to try my best out
there for the Yayoishou!
Me, too.
Seiun Sky-san!
Seiun Sky
I'm not doing well, though.
I hope things work out next time, but…
She's had two wins in a row.
Also, King Halo-san has had three
wins in a row since her debut.
I-I'll try my best…
The Nakayama Race Track is
a 2,000 meter turf track.
Yayoishou: 2000 meters
Goal - Hill - Start
The next Yayoishou is the first
race for the Triple Crown.
It has the same conditions
as the Satsukishou.
So you can basically assume that how you do
in the Yayoishou will tell you
how you'll do in the Satsukishou.
Right.
You're going to start from here.
Take a loop around, and here's the goal.
Goal
Hill
Start
But the problem is this soul-killing
hill in the last 200 meters.
A hill…
Many lose their momentum here on the hill,
even if they've done well
up until that point.
So it's a battle of endurance, then?
These are going to be the longest
2,000 meters you'll have run so far.
The finish is going to show your willpower.
Willpower?
And you need to watch out
for Seiun Sky the most.
She has three wins since
her debut for a reason!
The most popular girl here, King Halo,
is standing before the gate!
I'll show you how a King runs.
King Halo
She's still in good form
from her previous races.
And we've got the third favorite,
Seiun Sky, standing before the gates.
I know everyone's counting on me, but I'm
going to be as laid back as always.
I don't understand her personality.
I know.
And we have Number 13 on the far end,
the second favorite, Special Week.
She's the last before the gates.
This race will lead into the Satsukishou.
You sure are popular.
P-Please don't tease me.
I need to challenge myself.
I have to do what I can.
And they're off!
The start of the G-II, the Yayoishou!
All the horse girls here
are trying for the Classic,
running the Nakayama's 2,000 meters!
All those people cheering us on…
She's so fast!
She's not laid back at all!
Seiun Sky's pulling ahead!
She's about three horse lengths ahead,
and Tanshou Lupin follows in second.
Seiun Sky's getting far ahead.
Don't lose your pacing!
I wonder if Spe-senpai will be
okay keeping that position.
The real challenge begins after the 4th turn.
You can do it, Spe-chan.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
A little further ahead…
We have someone coming
in from the outside.
Number 13, Special Week, has come
out front in the corner.
It's a straight shot out of the 4th turn.
Seiun Sky is in the lead.
Tanshou Lupin is in second.
She looks a bit tired!
It's a straight shot from here!
You can do it!
This is the soul-draining hill…
But I still have my wind.
This is it!
Make it up, make it up,
make it up, make it up!
I can't do it!
I'm not catching up…
But I still have a chance after the hill.
Less than 100 meters left now!
Seiun Sky is in the lead.
Has she tired herself out?
Special Week is closing in at
a ferocious pace from behind!
If I can just get a bit further ahead…
Special Week is closing in!
They're neck and neck!
She's pulled ahead!
You can do it!
Special Week finishes!
Yay!
That hill scared me.
Her ability to push ahead right
before the goal is godlike.
She might really be able
to make Triple Crown…
Huh?
Congratulation.
Good job!
We're having a victory party tonight!
How nice…
I see.
Special Week, congratulations
on your big Yayoishou win!
Cheers!
Thank you.
Special Week G-II Yayoishou
Big Win!!
That was so cool.
Congratulations!
That Nakayama hill is tough, huh?
Yeah, it felt like a wall.
Your Winning Concert was cute.
Really? I'm glad you said that.
Yeah, it's gotten a lot better.
Running straight toward you…
Dreams and hopes…
Teio really helped me out.
Show me how to dance better
the next chance you get.
Sure.
R-Really?
Yep.
I've decided to join Spica, anyway.
What?!
You're surprised, too?!
Student Council President
You're joining Spica?
Yes.
You don't want to be in Rigil?
I gave it a lot of thought,
but I'd rather have fun.
You said you wanted to be like me, right?
Yeah.
My goal is to get the Triple Crown!
Just having fun isn't enough,
if you have a goal you want to achieve.
You know what I'm going
to say next, right, Teio?
Yes.
Once you get stronger, let's run together.
Yeah.
It's a promise. Don't forget.
I want to catch up to the president.
That's why I'm going to get better in Spica,
and try racing with the president.
That's a big goal. Sounds good to me.
Yep!
Let's do this, everyone.
Welcome.
Yeah, welcome.
Yep.
Time to eat!
Air Groove
President, you're still here.
Want to have a drink with me?
S-Sure.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Satsukishou
Turf
Special Week
LT Nice Guy
Sanyo Holy
Clark Arthur
Yasuda Repeat
Massive Koutei
King Halo
Hey, Hana.
Is this a new brand of coffee?
Playing a game?
Is it any good?
Hey, why aren't you going to
use her for the Satsukishou?
I guess I'm invisible to you.
Hey, why did you come back?
I couldn't give up on my dream so easily.
I thought that was the case.
Then you should be working
a lot harder, shouldn't you?
I believe in laissez-faire.
Their ability to make their own decisions
during a race is the most important.
You're going to have problems
if you believe that.
Satsukishou Competitors
Announced!
Special Week wins Yayoishou
Will she make the G-I race?!
King Halo Ready to go!
Horse Girl Daily
The next race your favorite
girl is going to be in…
I think it'll be hard for her.
Even if things don't
turn out the way we want,
it'll be up to her whether or not she
picks herself up from there.
What did the letter from your mom say?
She said she wanted to come see me race.
I want her to come too,
but I'm going to tell her it's okay if
she doesn't, because it'll cost a lot.
Here you are. I've tightened them up nice.
Oh, thank you.
I hope you win
the next one, too.
I'll do my best!
Watch me on TV, Mom.
I'm going to win!
It's the Satsukishou tomorrow.
Right!
A G-I race is one of
the most prestigious races.
You run in your best clothes for this.
These were special ordered.
Try them on.
J-Just for me?
Thank you!
Lucky…
Now hurry up, and get changed.
You get out of here.
That looks good!
Lucky…
Looks good on you.
Clothes make the girl.
Thank you.
I really appreciate it.
What's wrong?
N-Nothing. It's nothing.
Satsukishou
And the last to make her
appearance is the favorite…
Bracket 8, Number 18, Special Week!
The audience is even louder than last time.
This is a G-I.
She's wearing an adorable,
white and purple uniform-style outfit.
She looks like she's in good condition, too.
What is she doing?
The G-I Satsukishou…
Which horse girl will clear the
first hurdle to the Triple Crown?
I'm feeling decent, and I'm
starting from the outside again.
Mom, I'm going to win.
And they're off!
They're all out of the gates just fine.
Number 2, Kokuei Number One,
has jumped in front.
King Halo is pulling ahead.
I just have to run like I did before.
I'm good in this position for now.
Yes, that's right.
Don't get started just yet.
On the other side, Kokuei Number
One remains in the lead,
followed by Halcyon.
King Halo is in third,
a good position for her.
The favorite, Special Week,
is in a pack in the rear.
She's waiting for her chance to pounce.
Feels like it'll be the
same as the Yayoishou.
So she'll try to win in the
straightaway after the hill, right?
Yeah, I wonder if we'll get to
see her race to catch up again!
They've hit the third turn.
Only 600 meters left.
Special Week is coming up from the outside.
Will she make her move all the way up front?
She's entering the fourth turn!
I started around here last time.
It's about time!
Here I go!
What?!
When did she…
Seiun Sky has started to pull ahead!
She's fast.
I need to catch up.
I gotta do this!
Almost there!
Get up there!
I can't!
I can't close the gap.
It's okay.
She can handle the straight after the hill.
Do it. That's the place.
This is it.
Why can't I catch up?
Why?
Just as I thought.
Seiun Sky's keeping her lead.
And she's across the finish line!
King Halo comes in second.
Special Week only comes in third!
Seiun Sky kept up her pace at the end.
Seiun Sky won through strategy.
I feel bad for Special
Week not coming in first.
Congratulations, Seiun Sky!
Congratulations!
I won…
Thank you!
Suzuka-san, thank you for
cheering me on today.
Yeah…
Too bad about today.
I was so close.
Yeah.
I can just try harder next time.
I'm going to win next time!
Oh…
What is it?
I forgot something.
You go ahead home.
Huh?
See you.
I ran like I did in the Yayoishou!
I wanted my mom to watch me win.
I was so arrogant!
Spe-chan…
T-Trainer-san…
Wh-Why are you here?
Damn it!
I should have trained her better!
Trainer-san…
How does it feel to lose?
It's frustrating.
I see.
Then you have the Derby.
The Derby?
You're going to beat Seiun Sky
in the Japan Derby.
Use your loss to get stronger.
Understood?
Yes!
In a dash, in a flash,
just a little more now,
each new race like a dream neverending
Every one of us will blaze a
trail aimed right for the stars
Together we'll run! Let's
go! Our starting gate!
With curiosity in hand, go tug
on tomorrow's tail and say hello
It's right there, so go on and close
the gap now (Right here and now!)
Can't play by the rules they tell
you! Gotta learn it all by experience!
If we just plan to run for the
end, everything will turn out okay!
Can't get me down,
hesitate, or go too slowly!
We know that deep in our hearts is a song
that sings "give it your all"! Make it shine!
In a dash, in a flash, just a
little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
every step like the wind
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
A twinkling star that we wear
on our sleeves (But only one!)
Let's let our hearts race
together as one! (Grow up! Shine!)
One more step, one more push,
just a little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
each new race like a dream
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
Every one of us will see
our path to the very end!
Let's run now, everyone!
Let's go! Our starting gate!